hobby games TV hey welcome to
hobbykidstv today we're going to show
you how to use the Angry Birds Star Wars
telepods from the Jenga game so look and
watch that they have to finish off
enough oh I know how does that works
we'll see yeah I make the family
Skywalker very cool that's awesome
whoa
maybe you deal with this him whoo should
it be mommy's turn now
Oh
not quite
alright let's try that again it's time
to go a little bit higher yeah we broke
a little bit of glass but the pigs still
in there
oh no don't you hate when that happens
with the wrong way oh I feel should we
do that yeah let's do that
damn it do it for you
so fall in a Sephardic circles okay here
I go
yeah Oh Jimmy try again yeah
wet circles Oh circles I have to push
them no what do I do
it will help you know okay you do it
yeah okay do I do it again oh wow I
score high five all right
you can get your you can get your power
in any level I got some guys knocked out
low I get another guy Wow hey I got one
star we'll take it thanks for watching
guys and be sure to click here to watch
us play the actual game we'll build it
and play it so fun